How dare you push me!
I see you, don't even think about doing this job
What am I doing?
The factory has been sold out.
The big boss is on his way
What kind of decency is it to be noisy and noisy?
acting manager
Jiang Yan seduces men
He just hit me
Now this rotten guy should be fired
Lest the big boss be more unhappy
These are his
Who doesn't know that Platinum is more inappropriate than Zhao Yun?
Yeah, especially white crystals.
How many times do you want to dip in soy sauce?
He won't let you get caught paralyzed now
Manager Bai, I didn't seduce men
He was the one who scolded my man first
Just pushed him
What's wrong with calling me your man?
A waste like Yiqiu has no regrets
Shouldn't I scold him?
Manager Bai, you said a man like Yiqiu
Should I scold him?
Lili is right
Yiqiu, this wimp
Don't scold him
He wants to appear in front of me
What if I slap him twice?
As a man
Why don't you love your beautiful wife?
Manager Bai
How do you want to deal with this matter?
No matter what the reason is
It's wrong for you to hit people
What conflict do you have? Come to the office to find me?
Why do you hit people?